Catalog Number 72627P www.irs.gov Form 4506-C (Rev. 10-2022)Form 4506-C 
(October 2022)Department of the Treasury - Internal Revenue Service
IVES Request for Transcript of Tax ReturnOMB Number 
1545-1872
Do not sign this form unless all applicable lines have been completed.
Request may be rejected if the form is incomplete or illegible.
For more information about Form 4506-C, visit www.irs.gov  and search IVES.
1a. Current name
i. First name ii. Middle initial iii. Last name/BMF company name
1b. First taxpayer identification number (see instructions)
1c. Previous name shown on the last return filed if different from line 1a
i. First name ii. Middle initial iii. Last name2a. Spouse's current name (if joint return and transcripts are requested for both taxpayers)
i. Spouse’s first name ii. Middle initial iii. Spouse’s last name
2b. Spouse's taxpayer identification number (if joint return and transcripts are requested 
for both taxpayers)
2c. Spouse's previous name shown on the last return filed if different from line 2a
i. First name ii. Middle initial iii. Last name
3. Current address  (including apt., room, or suite no.) , city, state, and ZIP code (see instructions)
a. Street address (including apt., room, or suite no.) b. City c. State d. ZIP code
4. Previous address shown on the last return filed if different from line 3  (see instructions)
a. Street address (including apt., room, or suite no.) b. City c. State d. ZIP code
5a. IVES participant name, ID number, SOR mailbox ID, and address
i. IVES participant name ii. IVES participant ID number iii. SOR mailbox ID
iv. Street address (including apt., room, or suite no.) v. City vi. State vii. ZIP code
5b. Customer file number (if applicable) (see instructions) 5c. Unique identifier (if applicable) (see instructions)
5d. Client name, telephone number, and address (this field cannot be blank or not applicable (NA))
i. Client name ii. Telephone number
iii. Street address (including apt., room, or suite no.) iv. City v. State vi. ZIP code
Caution: This tax transcript is being sent to the third party entered on Line 5a and/or 5d. Ensure that lines 5 through 8 are completed before signing. (see instructions)
6. Transcript requested. Enter the tax form number here (1040, 1065, 1120, etc.) and check the appropriate box below. Enter only one tax form number per request for line 6 
transcripts
a. Return Transcript b. Account Transcript c. Record of Account
7. Wage and Income transcript  (W-2, 1098-E, 1099-G, etc.)
a. Enter a max of three form numbers here; if no entry is made, all forms will be sent.
b. Mark the checkbox for taxpayer(s) requesting the wage and income transcripts. If no box is checked, transcripts will be provided for all listed taxpayers
Line 1a Line 2a
8. Year or period requested. Enter the ending date of the tax year or period using the mm dd yyyy format (see instructions)
/ / / / / / / / 
Caution: Do not sign this form unless all applicable lines have been completed.
Signature of taxpayer(s). I declare that I am either the taxpayer whose name is shown on line 1a or, if applicable, line 2a, or a person authorized to obtain the tax information 
requested. If the request applies to a joint return, at least one spouse must sign; however, if both spouses' names and TINs are listed in lines 1a-1b and 2a-2b, both spouses must sign the request. If signed by a corporate officer, 1 percent or more shareholder, partner, managing member, guardian, tax matters partner, executor, receiver, administrator, trustee, or party other than the taxpayer, I certify that I have the authority to execute Form 4506-C on behalf of the taxpayer. Note: This form must be received by IRS within 120 days of the 
signature date.
Signatory attests that he/she has read the above attestation clause and upon so reading declares that he/she has the authority to sign the Form 4506-C. See instructions.
Sign 
HereSignature for Line 1a  (see instructions) Date Phone number of taxpayer on line 1a or 2a
Form 4506-C was signed by an Authorized Representative Signatory confirms document was electronically signed
Print/Type name
Title (if line 1a above is a corporation, partnership, estate, or trust)
Spouse's signature (required if listed on Line 2a)
Form 4506-C was signed by an Authorized Representative Signatory confirms document was electronically signedDate
Print/Type name
For Privacy Act and Paperwork Reduction Act Notice, see page 2.

